===0.4.4 (Jun 19 2013)===

====UI and Usability====
  * Profile creation no longer requires you to enter your profile URL name manually. The profile page now presents a list of all accounts with saved settings existing under your current Steam installation. All Steam account information is now referenced by the 64-bit Steam ID, which means that the program will now work even if you don't have a profile URL name set.
  * If an attempt is made to download a profile's game list, and the profile is not set to "Public," the program will now provide an error message that specifically says so instead of saying that there were no games.
  * Adding an item to the selection in the main list now sets the "Set Favorite" combo box to the opposite value of the selected item. This lets the "Set Favorite" button be used like a simple toggle in the simple case.
  * Manually downloading a game list can be done by steam ID or by custom URL name.
  * Program logging can now be controlled through the settings dialog.

====Other changes====
  * Program logging is now enabled by default, and uses a more sane file scheme.
  * If the full directory structure required to save the Steam config file does not exist, the program will create it instead of showing an error message.
----
===0.4.3 (Apr 9 2013)===

====Features====
  * Added initial debug logging functionality, but the settings file must be manually edited to enable it at this time.

====Bug Fixes====
  * No longer treats keys in Steam VDF files in a case-sensitive way.
----
===0.4.2 (Feb 20 2013)===

====Features====
  * Added option to download your game list via the normal HTML page rather than using the XML version. By default, the program will try to get the XML version first, and only fail over to HTML if it needs to. This can be changed in the options menu.

====UI====
  * Status messages regarding game list downloads are now more informative

====Bug Fixes====
  * Fixed problem where autocategorization and auto naming were not registering as changes, so the user would not be prompted to save when closing the program.
----
===0.4.1 (July 13 2012)===

====Database====
  * Updated the included database file
  * Fixed problem with scraping genre info for game IDs that redirect to other IDs that are barred with an age gate.
  * Fetching the game list now checks for changed names on existing IDs, and treats any IDs with new names as entirely new entries.

====Fixes====
  * Fixed issue with category filtering in the DB editor.
----
===0.4.0 (March 17 2012)===

====Features====
  * Integrated game and genre database
    * Games can now be automatically categorized according to the genre that the Steam Store has them listed under.
    * DLC items will be automatically ignored by the program by default.
    * Games will also be assigned names even if imported from local config files.
    * A built-in database editor allows viewing, updating, and customization of this database.

====UI====
  * Operations that download data from the internet can now be canceled.
  * Moved some menu items around.
  * Added a command to remove empty categories
  * Added a command to open the store page for a game
----
=== 0.3.1 (Feb 13 2012) ===

==== Features ====
  * Games can now be manually added, edited, or removed from a profile entirely.
  * Implemented an "ignore" list, which will prevent the program from ever adding certain games to your list after downloading your game list or importing existing categories.
==== UI ====
  * Added some keyboard shortcuts
  * Added right-click context menus to the game and category lists
  * Category list now provides some visual feedback when dragging games over it
  * Changed the style of the category dropdown box to speed up interaction
  * Buttons and options that aren't currently usable are now disabled
  * Fixed the incorrect tab order on some forms
----
=== 0.3.0 (Feb 2 2012) ===
==== Features ====
  * Profiles: Game list and categories can now be saved in a Depressurizer profile file, rather than just being saved directly to Steam. This allows for easier saving and loading, as well as keeping your categories intact if Steam loses them.
  * Persistent Settings: The program will now remember the path to Steam, as well as a couple new options.
==== Functional Changes ====
  * Now loads profile data from the XML profile data rather than the HTML profile page
==== UI Changes ====
  * Terminology used has changed somewhat, and menus totally rearranged to accomodate new features.
  * Reworked status updates to provide cleaner feedback and slightly changed a few message boxes
  * Title bar now shows an asterisk if there are unsaved changes
  * Inappropriate menu options are now disabled
==== Fixes ====
  * Program no longer crashes if it does not have file write permission on save.
  * Fixed some strangeness regarding when the program prompts you about unsaved changes.
----
=== 0.2.2 (Jan 14 2012) ===
==== Fixes ====
  * Fixes loading sharedconfig files with different root names
  * Fixes loading profile data with incorrect app IDs
----
===0.2.1 (Dec 30 2011)===
====Fixes====
  * Fixes potential crash on file load
----
===0.2 (Nov 9 2011)===
====Noteworthy changes====
  *Added automatic saving and loading functions
  *Program now prompts you to save if you are about to lose changes
  *Added exception handler to allow for easier reporting and resolution of any remaining crashes.
====Functional changes====
  *Added some limitations on category names to avoid confusing situations
  *Added Clear option to menu to easily clear all data
====Interface changes====
  *Added status bar to give some extra feedback
  *Added some message popups when certain "warning"-inducing events occur
  * The game list will no longer completely redraw itself and scroll back to the top every time it changes
  * Category lists do not lose their selections whenever refreshed
  * Changed category list box to a different control type to allow easier item selection
  * Changed menu layout
  * Program will now show a "wait" cursor while it is loading or saving data
  * Game names loaded from Steam profiles will no longer have backslashes before single-quotes
====Fixes====
  * Fixed some crash bugs
----
===0.1 (Nov 2 2011)===
  * Initial release